# Tab: A Bill Payment and Microlending App

## Project Description
Tab is a personal finance app which uses the Plaid API to fetch users' account data and MPAndroidCharts to display that data. There 
are plans for a payments function which as of 11/19 is not yet functional, but the basic implementation has been started. 
Currently, the app connects to any bank through the sandbox user account, and pulls a list of dummy transactions, account balances, etc.
The user can view each account with its balance, then click into a more detailed view including charts tracking spending by Category.

Ultimately, I believe I might have a good business model with this app for a startup, but it will need more time and work
once my schedule frees up after the bootcamp. Here is the description I wrote for my vision of the finished product:
```Tab is a simple bill payment app- with a twist. The payment system is built upon the free Square In-App Payments SDK, while the cloud backend sevlet and 
   credit analysis portion use a connection to the Plaid API.
   On a basic level, Tab provides a convenient checkout screen to use a credit card, google pay, or other service to pay bills, rent, and other predictable expenses.
   The key to its functionality, however, is that users allow the application to access banking/expense/income history (accessed via the Yodlee API)
   and assesses credit risk based on recent financial history, allowing a financing option. The user can choose to "pay now" or choose a short-term loan-
   perhaps to the next paycheck, and the app will assess risk and set the interest rate accordingly. This allows the user to "put it on my tab," which creates a new microloan,
   pays the bill in question, and collects payment from the user on the specified date by debiting one of the user's accounts.
   This is an alternative to a payday or title loan, most useful for those with limited/bad credit histories or few accounts (young people and low-income people), allowing them
   to access payday financing without the usual extreme interest rates those services entail. By leveraging the power of user data, a more accurate measurement of risk can help lower
   transaction costs and information problems in microfinance and credit risk analysis.
```
## Known Bugs
App will not call intent to go into transactions and charting view/ 11/20/19

## Table of Contents

* [Intended Users and User Stories](/docs/docs/user-stories.md)  
* [User Instructions](/docs/user instructions.md) 
* [Build instructions](/docs/build instructions.md)
* [Implementation info](/docs/implementation.md)
* [User Experience Walkthrough and Wireframes](/docs/ux.md)
* [Data Model Implementation, ERDs, DDL](/docs/database.md)
* [Implementation, API Descriptions, and Links to Related Repositories](/docs/implementation.md)
* [Dependencies and Copyright Information](/dependencies.md)


## Summary of the Current State of the App
This is the implementation that is currently active:
* Users can use the PlaidLink webview to connect their bank accounts. Currently, due to security limitations 
of client side code with the Plaid API, an auth token for a US Bank account user has been pre-loaded after being 
generated by out-of-scope server code.
* Users can access the Plaid API via HTTP calls to download Account Data and Transactions data, incluinding the category
of payments, and use MPCharts to visualize that data.
*The activities for billing and payments have been started, but do not function yet.

The MainActivity presents a dashboard with a brief overview of a user's accounts. The side navigation can take the user
to Settings, Accounts, and Bills. Accounts activity gets the account data from plaid and allows visualization and analysis. 
The Bills activity gets user data from Plaid then links up with Stripe to process payments.

## End Goal Implementation- Not all features active


